Update test wording for clarity (#1078)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/tests/authorization/b03-verify-rhmi-developer-user-permissions-are-correct.md

JIRA: [INTLY-5434](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/INTLY-5434)

> 1. Log into AMQ Online via Solution Explorer as a RHMI developer user (eg as a test user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into AMQ Online via Solution Explorer as a RHMI developer user (e.g. as a test-userXX)
```

9. Click **Next**
10. Click **Finish**
    > Verify that you are able to see the address you have just created. Once ready, the `Status` field of your address should be set to `Active` (this may take up to ~3mins).

> 11. Login as a different RHMI developer user to the AMQ Online Console (eg. a test user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Login as a different RHMI developer user to the AMQ Online Console (e.g. as a test-userXX)
```

    > Verify that you cannot see any address spaces and addresses created by the previous user

### No Access to RHMI Custom Resource

JIRA: [INTLY-7792](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/INTLY-7792)

> 1. Navigate to the console & log in as an RHMI developer user (eg. a test user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the console & log in as an RHMI developer user (eg. a test user).
```
```suggestion
1. Navigate to the console & log in as an RHMI developer user (e.g. as a test-userXX)
```
